What is GIT?
GIT is a version control system,which is helpful for team work in a company. Every Developer works on a project and posts in on GIT so that everyone can work on it. 
And other developer gets to know about the update so they can pull the stuff again and work on the stuff further. It helps to keep track who is changing the code, share the code,
go back to the older version. Also it helps to work in a collaborative environment. 

What do you understand by Version Control System?
Whenever a project is updated by developer a new Version is created. Like whenever the product is released for the client he uses and checks it and if he wants some 
changes in the program then he tells the developer that these changes he want in the product so can you update this so the developer updates the code and releases version 2. 
So we have to keep track of the codes the old ones and the new ones because we dont know what the client really wants. After giving him the new update mightbe he wont
be satisfied with the new one and he want the old one only so the old code should also be saved at some location. So Version Control system is a system which is useful 
for tracking code changes and tracking who made changes like the history of file and to collab the codes of different developers at a specific place so they can work together. 

What is GitHub?
Github is a repository where all the code are pushed in. And it is known as the largest source code in the world, in other words it is used to maintain the source code of the project. 

Mention some most popular git hosting services?
Some popular git hosting services are Github, Gitlab,Gitblit,BitBucket.

Different types of version control systems?
There are 2 types of version control systems -> Centralized Version Control System and Distributed Version Control System. 
Centralized Version Control system has a main server which is directly connected with the developers pc, so it has a few flaws if there is any error in hard disk of main server and all the data that we committed is now 0.
Also we always require internet to commit always so it has a lot of dependency. Some examples of Centralized Control Systems are Perforce,subversion.  
In Distributed Control System the people are provided with their own repository which is connected to main server, that 

What benefits come with using GIT?
By using GIT we can 
1) keep the track on the code changes.
2) We can track which developer changed the code, by that we can keep in track the history of code.
3) GIT is used for coding collaborations.

What is GIT repository?
GIT Repository is the remote repository in which all the files can be pushed from the local repository to GIT Repository. In Git Repository all the files from all the developers
are pushed in and by that whole project is collected at a particular place. And whenever other developer need the files from other developer to work further then he can pull it and work on it further.
The file in the git Repository wouldnt be changed if he works on that project too and when he push again then a new copy of the project will be uploaded on the GIT without affecting the old one. 

How can you initialize a repository in GIT?
git init command is used to initialize a new repository in in GIT. Best way to use this command is through GIT Bash. 
